Add a simple README.md (#2)
GET-Prog/HTTP-server: README.md

# HTTP-server

> This repository was created to study [HTTP servers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_server), understand how they work and how to implement some [RFC](https://www.rfc-editor.org/standards) related to it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository was created to study [HTTP servers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_server), understand how it works and how to implement [RFC 2616](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616) related to it.
```
